meantime some incredible events from
beyond Earth's atmosphere right now
Russians they are trying to recover from
a meteor that ripped across the sky and
slammed into the ground it was all
caught on tape the flash the bang
catching everyone off guard first you
can see the blinding light and then the
supersonic boom you imagine well one
witness saying that the flash it was
like ten Suns and then he felt the
shockwave pass through his body it was
chaos on the streets you can hear car
alarm screeching windows shattering more
than 4,000 buildings were damaged many
of them were actually apartments and the
government promising to fix them within
a week but here's the thing that is a
long time in the icy winter about 1200
people were injured including more than
200 children most of them hurt by
falling glass NASA now saying that the
rocket was about 50 feet and reports
that the impact may have been 30 times
stronger than the atomic bomb that hit
Hiroshima in 1945
that's huge well divers are searching a
frozen lake this one it's near where it
landed and 20,000 searchers they're
looking for any remains of the meteor
but so far Kelly they haven't found any
well you got to check this out - in
addition to that an amazing video that
we just caught a few hours later after
that an unrelated asteroid flying past
earth this one was much bigger and could
have been more dangerous it doesn't look
so bad from safe within our atmosphere
however but this NASA animation shows
the path of the hundred and fifty foot
asteroid it came within just 17,000
miles of Earth's surface that closest
that something so large has come to our
planet now scientists have been keeping
a very close eye on this one but there
are a lot there that they're they're
seeing them all coming they've never
seen them coming that's big God
concerned about it and and here to add
to that a mysterious sighting this one
even closer to home reports of a bright
light flashing through the
skies this was in Northern California
California Kelly look at that you can
see flying by up in the right-hand
corner of your screen there witness is
saying that it looked like a fireball
heading west but astronomers they don't
know what it is they say their
telescopes didn't pick up any activity